In this section,
I'll put together the Amazon S3 Data Lake design pattern for
both batch and real-time streaming processing,
and explain how invaluable immutable logs and materialized views are.
An S3 Data Lake is where you bring together your interactive
batch and real-time or stream analytics.
Your materialized view is data stored in a database or something
similar that has modified the raw data in some way and is stored
waiting for further processing in the format your downstream
applications would need it to be in,
and your immutable log is your raw data in Amazon S3 where you store everything,
throwing away nothing.
Amazon S3 is really cheap,
you keep the raw data in Amazon S3 in order to answer
unknown business questions that inevitably will come up as
AI and ML capabilities advance,
as well as being able to have multiple users doing different
processing or analytics on the raw data simultaneously.
Once you AI and ML-ed your apps,
it's important to embed the analysis into your products to improve
customer satisfaction and be integrated into your business offerings
to improve the way you run your business,
such as implementing safety improvements.
Then operationalize the analysis so every person is empowered
with the right insights to make intelligence-driven decisions
throughout every business day.
All this sounds great, right, but how do you start?
It's a cyclical process.
First,
you build something that has a huge value to your
business and your customers in the cloud.
This also gives you buy in if you need it from business decision makers.
Then,
follow the cycle as you see it on the screen to continually embed
insights that drive actions and deliver value,
keeping existing capabilities while adding new ones.
As you restructure enterprise applications,
the order in which you restructure depends on the complexity of the
architecture and your existing licensing arrangements.
Start with low complexity apps like apps that are
virtualized or service-oriented architectures.
Then as you progress,
start to decouple highly complex apps like monolithic or mainframe apps.
One thing is certain, avoid analysis paralysis and start experimenting today,
applying AI and ML to your apps and business processes.
To quote Jeff Bezos, Amazon Founder and CEO, what's dangerous is not to evolve.
I hope you've learned a lot of valuable information in this course,
along with the understanding of why to use AWS Glue and Amazon Athena,
where to implement them, and how to implement the state-of-the-art technologies,
as well as having an understanding for that everyone today,
we all have to evolve.
You are now empowered with this new knowledge,
and I hope you get started right away AI and ML-ing your apps and
business processes using what you've learned in this course.
Thank you for watching this course.
I hope you had as much fun learning all the concepts and
implementations as I did writing the course.
You guys can always reach me at kim@ dataleader.io.
Go forth, and may the power of AWS Glue and Amazon Athena be with you. See you in the next course.